= Sale Items Log Parser

The <tt>data/</tt> directory contains a log file of sale item views and a data file of users selected sizes.

The <tt>data/users.csv</tt> contains a the size list for each user.  For example, user with id 4 has sizes "m" and "l" as indicated by the record:

 4,m,l

The <tt>data/sale_items.log</tt> file contains records in the following format:

 U 99 Theory s|l|xl $60 (35%)

The U indicates that this records corresponds to user with id 99.  The item was available in sizes "s", "l" and "xl".  The item's original price was $60 and the discount was 35%.  A record may indicate the available sizes with <tt>-all-</tt>:

 U 74 Theory -all- $98 (45%)

in which cases the item was available in exactly the user's sizes.

A log entry starting with <tt>U</tt> indicates that the item was viewed by a guest and not a logged in user, in which case there is no user id in the log entry.

 G DKNY xs|s|l|xxl $42 (25%)

Running <tt>ruby report.rb</tt> should output a report with the following format:

 Sale Items Report
 ============================
 Total Items:        345
 Average Sale Price: $26.57
 Total Sale Price:   $5061
 
 Five most common sizes:
 M   (33%) 
 S   (22%)
 L   (17%)
 XL  (16%)
 XXL (12%)

 Five most common brands:
 Juicy Couture  (4%)
 Theory         (3%)

The percentages for the most common sizes should count the number of item views (rows in the log file) for an item available in that size as a percentage of the total number of item views in the log file.  The percentages for the most common brands should count the number of item views (rows in the log file) for an item of that brand as a percentage of the total number of item vies in the log file.